The Three Lights
suddenly announced
they're disbanding,
and they're doing
one last concert to
say goodbye.
So, could this mean
our final battle with
Galaxia is getting closer?
Just as that thought
crossed my mind,
Galaxia appeared at
the concert! What
should I do, Mamo?!
(thinking)
I miss you, Mamo.
I'm alone without you!
[weepy]
Am I not good enough?
Uh-
Princess Kakyu
Perishes: Advent of
Galaxia!
Oh!
R-Rei?
What are you gonna
tell him?
Huh?
You know what I'm
talking about! We
need you to make a
decision here or
you're going to put
all of us at risk!
But--
I don't want to
hear any excuses! You
need to be honest
with Seiya or
you'll end up
hurting his feelings!
Mm.
I know it sounds
harsh, but it's not
fair to him when you
already have someone.
(thinking)
Mamo.
You love Mamoru more
than anyone, don't
you?
Mm.
Then, you know what
to do. We don't
have time to be
distracted.
What's wrong?
I wonder what Mamo
is doing right now.
Huh?
It's morning
there... so maybe
he just got up.
He's probably fine,
but I wonder if
college has been hard
for him at all.
Well, knowing him, I
bet he's made a lot
of friends.
He's always been
good at that.
Usagi?
I hope he's been
taking care of
himself properly...
W-Wait. What are you
talking about?
You've been keeping
in touch with Mamoru,
haven't you?
But why not?!
He hasn't
written back.
What do you mean he
hasn't written
back?!
Since when...?
[exhaling]
Since he left.
That was months ago!
Why didn't you
mention it sooner?!
This is serious!
Chibi-Chibi?
Sorry, Chibi-Chibi.
We're having
grown-up talk,
so could you go and
play for a little while?
I'm still in total
shock over the Three
Lights suddenly
announcing their
break up.
[gasping]
The Three Lights are
breaking up?!
It was a hard
decision, but we
wanted to let our
fans know that
tomorrow's concert
will be our last
performance as a
group.
Does that mean
you'll be working
on solo careers?
Taiki... Can you tell
us why the three of
you decided to split?
Princess. We shall do
our best to summon
the Light of Hope at
our final concert,
just as you wished.
Thank you, Maker. But
now is the time for
us all to unite our
hearts and work
together as one.
You needn't worry.
As long as you're
here with us, then we
can manage on our
own.
That's right.
We're gonna find it
in the exact same way
our song eventually
reached you!
(Usagi sobbing)
I miss you, Mamo!
(thinking)
Am I not good enough?
Before Galaxia makes
her way here, we will
find the Light.
Right, Seiya?
Seiya?
Huh? Oh, yeah.
Of course.
How'd it go, Ami?
I contacted the
university in
America. When I asked
them about Mamoru,
they said he never
showed up.
Do you think he got
caught in some sorta
trouble?
Hm.
And just when we
needed him the most
to be here for Usagi.
I can't even
imagine how worried
sick she's been.
And to think, she
never showed it in
front of us.
I can't believe she
actually tried to go
through this all
by herself.
If only she had told
us sooner. We could
have helped her.
Huh?
[squealing]
Oh, come on!
Going somewhere?
[gasping]
Please tell me you're
not thinking of going
over to see that guy.
Mm.
I wanted to talk
before their final
concert.
How many times do I
have to tell you not
to see him before
you'll listen?!
You already have
Mamoru, don't you?
Yes, and I love him!
But the thing is...
I love all the
people who
are in my life!
I doubt your lofty
ideals mean anything
to those guys.
You're wrong!
Yeah? Then why don't
you go over and try
telling him goodbye?
Uh!
Go tell him this
is the last time
you'll see him.
[chatting]
Well, this is it.
If we don't find the
Light of Hope, we'll
ready ourselves.
[agreeing]
[knocking]
Come in.
[grunting]
Bun-head.
[breathing]
I wanted to wish you
good luck on your
concert. Also...
Would you mind giving
us a second?
I'd really like to
speak to her in
private.
Seiya...
It won't take long,
I promise.
Five minutes.
Uh!
Uhhh...
Go wait outside
for a bit.
Chibi-Chibi!
[giggling]
We should go.
[grunting]
Princess!
About yesterday... I
meant what I said.
[chuckling]
Seiya...
Sorry, but--
Hey, it was me who
couldn't stop
myself from falling
for you. So, don't
go blaming yourself
about it.
Uh-[lightly gasping]
As soon as this
concert is over,
I'll steal
you away.
[lightly gasping]
Well, to be honest,
I've grown to like
you so much, I'd
actually consider
doing that.
I just wanted to make
sure you knew how I
felt about you.
Especially since my
time as Seiya's quickly
coming to a close.
Seiya.
Now that's off
my shoulders, I can
give everything
I've got for this
last concert.
I really hope you can
see your boyfriend
soon.
[lightly gasping]
I'm sorry...
There's really no
need to apologize.
Although...
[lightly gasping]
I just wish that I
had met you sooner.
Bun-head.
[crying]
Seiya.
You don't understand
the enemy like we do.
Soon, this planet will
become a battlefield
and that's when the
true horrors of war
will begin.
You guys don't
stand a chance
against Galaxia.
Let's see how long
you're able to keep
up those brave
faces of yours.
No matter what
happens, we're
going to make sure
our mission is
completed.
Please understand.
There's something
we must defend even
if our lives are
at stake.
It's almost time.
If we're unable to
find the Light of
Hope by the time
the concert's over...
(thinking)
Then we'll fight
without it.
We're prepared
to die for this.
Taiki... Yaten...
let's give it our
all!
[cheering]
[singing]
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙If only I could
have met you long
ago鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙then, would I have
your love? I guess
I'll never know鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙I wish I could take
you away鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Past distant stars
out into space鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Just you and me,
where no one could
ever reach鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
[cheering]
During our career as
the Three Lights,
we've been sending
out a message.
[cheering]
We're using this
concert to tell you
how we feel.
So thank you all for
coming today!
We couldn't have come
this far without you!
Everyone! This is
our final message!
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Search for
your love鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙You'd always shine
so bright. Just like
a little star鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙I felt my heart
ignite every time
you'd smile鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Memories I'll
cherish forever鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙(Like an
eternal starlight)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙I wasn't strong
enough to be your
shining star鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙And when the days
were tough, I hid
myself from the world鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙All that's left
in my heart is pain鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙(You'll always
be my sweetheart)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Search for
your love鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙I call up to
the heavens鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Search for
your love鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙To take away
your sadness鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Search for
your love鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Hurry back
to me鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙So I can keep
you safe in my arms鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Your scent remains
oh, still it lingers鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙(I will find
you)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Hear my voice
the words I sing
to you鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙(I still
love you)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Tell me where
are you right now?鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙(Moonlight
Princess)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙My beloved
Princess鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Just answer me
(answer for me)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙I need ya to
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Please answer me
(answer for me)鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙I need ya to
鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙Search for
your love鮫쀡똙鮫쀡똙
What the--?!
[grunting]
What's going on?!
[laughing]
The galaxy belongs to
Master Galaxia!
Not on our watch!
That's right! Please
don't let Galaxia
take control of you!
Huh?!
No! Now hand your
Star Seed over to
me or else!
[grunting]
Please, you must
be careful!
If she takes
your Star Seed,
then it's--
Why is she acting
so strangely?!
[struggling]
It's that bracelet.
Galaxia uses it to
corrupt other
Sailor Guardians.
She's been
brainwashed?!
Yes, but now that one
of the bracelets has
been removed, it
seems she's reverting
back to her good self
as a Sailor Guardian.
Uh!
[meowing and yelling]
Fighter Star Power
Make Up!
Healer Star Power
Maker Star Power
Make Up!
We are the Sailor
Star Lights! Stage
On!
Star Serious Laser!
[grunting]
It's sad the Three
Lights are breaking
up, but that
doesn't mean I'll
forgive you for
interrupting a
passionate message to
their fans during
their final concert!
I am the Pretty
Guardian!
Who fights for
love and for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And now, in the name
of the Moon, I'll
punish you!
You're right... I
really deserve to
be punished.
No! You're the ones
who are going to be
punished!
Hold it right there!
[gasping]
We're going to
protect this planet
ourselves!
So you three stay out
of this!
No. It was our show, so
we're going to defeat
this concert crasher!
[gasping]
Sailor Star Lights!
Please, just let us
handle this! We
don't want her
dead, we wanna see if
we can help her!
Well, this isn't
your fight!
[grunting]
That's enough!
Please stop. We
cannot win like this.
But, princess...
She's right. We
should all work
together.
Sailor Moon, I--
This aura!
[gasping]
It's Galaxia!
[evil chuckling]
This... this aura is
full of hatred!
[gasping]
Galaxia?
Master Galaxia, I
shall bring you the
Star Seeds--
No, please! I beg
you, take me instead!
Enough. You have
done well.
[panicking]
[screaming]
[bell jingling]
[gasping]
You are from Planet
Kinmoku.
Are you the one who
is trying to awaken
the power that could
oppose me, Princess?
Ha!
[grunting]
Princess!
[struggling]
[grunting]
[chuckling]
[yelling]
The three of you
cannot defeat Galaxia
with your current powers.
I'll hold her off,
so please, escape
while you can!
What about you?!
Hurry!
[grunting]
How foolish!
[chuckling]
Princess, no!
(thinking)
Why?
[gasping]
You're mine!
[screaming]
No!
Stop!
[crying]
Now this is a true
Star Seed!
[chuckling]
[laughing]
[yelling]
Silver Moon.
Crystal Power Kiss!
[gasping]
I will be coming back
for the rest of your
Star Seeds.
You can try to
resist, but you
are sure to fail.
[laughing]
Princess!
Maker... Healer...
Fighter... Now is the
time for all of you
to work together.
Are you hurt?
What a warm light.
Please,
wake up!
Princess!
Trust the Light
of Hope.
[gasping]
No!
Princess!
[screaming]
It's over. This
planet will be
destroyed, just like
our home world!
No. Fighter, where
are you going?
To get revenge!
But it's too
dangerous!
It's the only
option we have!
Please, Galaxia. You
have to stop doing
such cruel things!
Next time on Sailor
Stars, Countdown to
Destruction:
The Sailor Guardians'
Last Battle.
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.